---
sidebar_position: 11
---

# 2023-11-15
- Changed
  - Change optimise flag from -O3 to -Ofast, and add -flto flag.



## 2023-11-11
- Added
  - Variable Volume will be saved into Reslut.xlsx file.
  - If auto plot is True, it will open the figure automatically.
- Changed
  - ODE solver:
    - Change Euler_Forward to Forward_Euler.
    - Change Euler_Backward to Improved_Euler.
    - Forward_Euler will follow the ASM1 to find the stepsize in each iteration, it becomes **MUCH MUCH QUICKER** than before (and of cource Improved_Euler).
    - Improved_Euler will find the next stepsize base on the same ASM1 rules, but this method cannot find the stepsize in advanced, so it will try in each iteration and rollback if cannot match the condition.
    - Forward_Euler is much quicker and less precise method, while Improved_Euler is more precise but slower.
    - The default solver is Forward_Euler.
  - Project Build change to small piece to much the client programe.



## 2023-10-31
- Changed
  - Refine Project.Build().


## 2023-06-25
- Add
  - Weight check on empty, no negative.
  - If all the Weights are 0, change all of them to 1.
  - Solution.Conversion check on number.
  - Solution.Target check on number.
- Changed
  - Solution.Variable['Value'] check move to BioModel._merge_parameter_calvalue_with_variable().


## 2023-06-23
- Add
  - Catch more error if Tank flow is unbalance.


## 2023-06-22
- Fixed
  - Use re to match the BioModel Paramter time unit, so it can change to correct unit with DataSet time unit.


## 2023-06-15
- Changed
  - Parameter time unit support 'hour', 'mintue' and 'second'.
  - Remove TimeUnit_Parameter_second, cause it will always be 1.


## 2023-05-20
- Changed
  - Create an empty Solution will set Parameter Evaluation to be "True".
- Fixed
  - Calculation.json_to_df() read_json add precise_float to control decimal point correctly.
  - Used Decimal to control decimal point in Solution._get_empty_variable_row().


## 2023-05-18
- Fixed
  - Checker.check_component_name() doesn't check 'S_B_Org_N'.
  - Solution._check_matrix_initial_value() will not parse empty value.


## 2023-05-16
- Added
  - Version control: now you can calculate in multiply version with each calculation engine.
- Changed
  - change to match with latese version of SIMPO Dashboard.

