---
sidebar_position: 11
---

# 2023


<!-- ## TODO- post 计算放在客户端？会暴露部分源代码 -->
<!-- 计算步长添加完整模式?即无视取样频率,全部存储下来 -->
<!-- TODO: sendgrid -->
<!-- 删除某计算引擎结果 -->



## 2023-06-25
- Changed
  - Project popup edit validation 优化
- Fixed
  - Additional Targets Unit popup edit bugs.

## 2023-06-24
- Add
  - Project Calculation will notify detial changed respectively by each engine.
- Changed
  - DataSet popup edit validation 优化
  - Tank/Inflow/Flow table row cannot be selected if it only has 1 row.
  - Project Weight will force empty value to 0.
- Fixed
  - Tank/Inflow/Flow table remove row function (useTableEditor.useTableEditDataSet.removeRow) fixed.


## 2023-06-23
- Add
  - DataSet Measured/Inflow/Flow can step add rows.
- Fixed
  - BioModel/DataSet Profile Edit import template file will save the corresponding Projects, and inform in the Project Calculation tab.




## 2023-06-22
- Add
  - Case study AQUASIM T2P17.
- Changed
  - Calculation progress bar time display decimal fixed to 2.
  - Change DataSet Template Time from 2000 to 200.
  - BioModel/DataSet/Project's name can include white space.
- Fixed
  - Now you can download calculation results.
  - Measured/Inflow/Flow open page export/import will work with correct validation.
  - After calculation done will notify only 1 time.
  - Edit Project to change it's name will change its released version too.
  - Change BioModel/DataSet/Project's name will replace the router correctly.
  - Weighted NSE will be displayed in correct asyn way.



## 2023-06-18
- Changed
  - Parameter time unit support 'hour', 'mintue' and 'second'.
  - Biomodel's Matrix, Project's Conversion and Weight can hide no column by click the table column.
  - Biomodel's Matrix's Component, Project's Variable, Conversion and Weight will display unit.
  - Refine popup edit in BioModel's Matrix, Component and Parameter, now if you input is not valid, popup will stay and give error hint.
  - if a Component's, Parameter's, Process's Tank's, Inflow's or Flow' name has been used, dialog will stay and give error hint.
  - Parse Save is available all the time.



## 2023-06-10
- Changed
  - Upgrade from http to https.
  - If the calculation client is not the latest version, it will stop and notify while doing calculation.


## 2023-05-25
- Changed
  - Refine Sensitivity figure Rank tooltip, add unit and icon.



## 2023-05-23
- Changed
  - Rename client to SimpoClient. Everyone should uninstall the old client (SludgeClient) and install this new one (SimpoClient).



## 2023-05-21
- Added
  - Project Variable can be selected to set Evaluation.
  - Add logger to every Exception.
- Fixed
  - Sensitivity result error "Object of type int64 is not JSON serializable" by using np_type_changer().
  - Public Project iframe path of BioModel and DataSet.
  - When edit a BioModel/DataSet/Project, unique_judger will also be edit now.
  - Home Overview will be refresh correctly after create and delete.
  - Move Console.getCalculationProcess() to useSocket to solve the join room failed bugs.



## 2023-05-20
- Added
  - Add NO. column to every table.
  - Personal Table can be selected to deleted.
  - Public ASM2, ASM2D, ASM3 and EAWAG Bio-P.
- Changed
  - Refine Library table.
  - Refine table description display.
  - Change Library Paper last column to "Issue Year".
  - Use tooltip to display Components and Targets while creating Project.
  - Project Additional Targets icon changed to match to DataSet Targets.
  - Table will sort (desc) by created time (id).
  - Delete/Stop color from negative to orange.
- Fixed
  - Profile Description Card will overflow.



## 2023-05-19
- Changed
  - Lock NewEditClone while parsing Project Creating.
- Fixed
  - When Release, force vesion counter to 1.
  - When Release BioModel/DataSet, Source Paper doese not match to draft.


## 2023-05-18
- Added
  - Public ASM1.
- Changed
  - Create empty DataSet (from DataSet and Project) default concentration set to be 200 from 1.
- Fixed
  - Create button disappear in "Personal" banner.
  - BioModel Matrix parse bugs, warp multipy times.
  - useTableEditDataset.removeRow() remove first empty row bugs.


## 2023-05-17
- Added
  - Sensitivity figure add name and unit in y axis.
- Changed
  - If all the target units are the same, unit will display in yAxis in Simulation All figure.


## 2023-05-16
- Added
  - DataSet will generate a Flow Chart, and in this Flow Chart we can create new Tank/Target/Inflow/Flow/Connection.
  - Project Detail will use iframe to display Matrix of BioModel and FlowChart of DataSet, and almost 90% of the operation can be done in these iframes, so we don't really need to open BioModel and DataSet Detail.
  - Sensitivity engine done.
  - Table/figure size become reposonse (but not very perfect) in BioModel/DataSet/Project.
  - Account sign up needs email confrimation.
  - The header tabs and Detail/Console tabs will be locked until finish getting the backend data and loading of the 2 iframes(Matrix and FlowChart).
  - A iframe page (ifSign) for SIMPO home to dynamic change between "Sign In" and "Dashboard".
- Changed
  - Refine to match with SIMPO home page.
  - Refine icon.
  - Support resetting password.
  - One can clone one's own BioModel/DataSet/Project.
  - Rename "My Work" to "Personal".
  - Rename "Wiki" to "Library".
  - Rename "Summary" to "Profile".
  - Move "Detail" to the top.
  - Move "Project" to the top.
  - Refine Home Overview.
  - Create empty DataSet will add an empty Tank.
  - Support creating empty Project and this action will add empty BioModel and DataSet.
  - Use gzip to improve the network speed.
  - Tab name and favicon in user's brower.
- Fixed
  - Lots of small bugs.

