---
sidebar_position: 11
---

# 2023


## 2023-11-11
- Added
  - Now you can plot figure locally (open automatically) while doing calculation.
  - Step tolerance can be set in Console.
  - Result folder can be open in Simulation/Evaluaiton.
  - You can download the BioModel, DataSet and Solution template xlsx file with the corresponding content in Profile Edit.
- Fixed
  - Correct the Quoted url.


<!-- ## TODO- post 计算放在客户端？会暴露部分源代码 -->
<!-- 计算步长添加完整模式?即无视取样频率,全部存储下来 -->
<!-- 在 q-dialog 中放大 table 时, filter input 不可用?? -->



<!-- DatSet Tank 关闭时 数据量大时卡死 -->
<!-- 服务器构建 fortran时, 数据量大时卡死  -->


<!-- O2 不稳定？ 步长太大  固定步长 ？-->



## 2023-11-03
- Fixed
  - Cannot change BioModel and Dataset privacy from Public to Private if corresponding Project is Public.




## 2023-07-09
- Add
  - Matrix/Connecion add more validation, and it will auto delete the unreasonable character (letters, comma...) in between.
  - Connecion Flow can use ().
- Fixed
  - Matrix/Connecion popup input will add '\ufeff' correctly.

## 2023-07-07
- Fixed
  - Result excel file can be download in Public Project.
  - Result excel file can be cloned from Public Project.



## 2023-07-06
- Added
  - Constant Volume can be False now.
- Fixed
  - After delete Tank/Inflow/Flow in a dialog can rename them.
  - Martix/flowOpen/Connection will get the right noIndex after add/copy/darg, so Connection will get the right input in Flow column.




## 2023-07-05
- Added
  - Add Simulation/Sensitivity plot big data support.



## 2023-07-04
- Added
  - Simulation/Sensitivity plot can zoom with ctrl and mouse right click, double click can restore, and mouse zoom can zoom y axis (shift).
  - Email template.



## 2023-07-03
- Added
  - BioMode/DataSet add if_parse_save which makes temp/parse save of BioMode/DataSet more precise.
- Changed
  - Use noreply@simpowater.org to send account confirmed email.
- Fixed
  - Import csv won't change empty value to 0 but to null.



## 2023-07-02
- Fixed
  - BioMode Matrix Esc key will cancel input.
  - DataSet Tank/Inflow/Flow data can input 0.0000001.
  - Iframe layout will provide RESERVEDWORD.
  - Remove DataSet Iframe Targets/Connection temporary save.
  - Filter of BioMode Component/Parameter in Matrix under full screen state can popup input.



## 2023-07-01
- Added
  - Privacy Policy page.
  - Contact page.
  - Terms of service page.

## 2023-06-29
- Changed
  - Page leave popup dialog and Project parse save color change to indigo-5.
- Fixed
  - Fixed Additional Targets save format bugs.
  - Detail change and then leave warning will popup dialog.




## 2023-06-28
- Added
  - Calculation result can be deleted.

## 2023-06-27
- Changed
  - Refine Project popup edit validation.

## 2023-06-25
- Fixed
  - Additional Targets Unit popup edit bugs.

## 2023-06-24
- Added
  - Project Calculation will notify detial changed respectively by each engine.
- Changed
  - Refine DataSet popup edit validation.
  - Tank/Inflow/Flow table row cannot be selected if it only has 1 row.
  - Project Weight will force empty value to 0.
- Fixed
  - Tank/Inflow/Flow table remove row function (useTableEditor.useTableEditDataSet.removeRow) fixed.


## 2023-06-23
- Added
  - DataSet Measured/Inflow/Flow can step add rows.
- Fixed
  - BioModel/DataSet Profile Edit import template file will save the corresponding Projects, and inform in the Project Calculation tab.




## 2023-06-22
- Added
  - Case study AQUASIM T2P17.
- Changed
  - Calculation progress bar time display decimal fixed to 2.
  - Change DataSet Template Time from 2000 to 200.
  - BioModel/DataSet/Project's name can include white space.
- Fixed
  - Now you can download calculation results.
  - Measured/Inflow/Flow open page export/import will work with correct validation.
  - After calculation done will notify only 1 time.
  - Edit Project to change it's name will change its released version too.
  - Change BioModel/DataSet/Project's name will replace the router correctly.
  - Weighted NSE will be displayed in correct asyn way.



## 2023-06-18
- Changed
  - Parameter time unit support 'hour', 'mintue' and 'second'.
  - Biomodel's Matrix, Project's Conversion and Weight can hide no column by click the table column.
  - Biomodel's Matrix's Component, Project's Variable, Conversion and Weight will display unit.
  - Refine popup edit in BioModel's Matrix, Component and Parameter, now if you input is not valid, popup will stay and give error hint.
  - if a Component's, Parameter's, Process's Tank's, Inflow's or Flow' name has been used, dialog will stay and give error hint.
  - Parse Save is available all the time.



## 2023-06-10
- Changed
  - Upgrade from http to https.
  - If the calculation client is not the latest version, it will stop and notify while doing calculation.


## 2023-05-25
- Changed
  - Refine Sensitivity figure Rank tooltip, add unit and icon.



## 2023-05-23
- Changed
  - Rename client to SimpoClient. Everyone should uninstall the old client (SludgeClient) and install this new one (SimpoClient).



## 2023-05-21
- Added
  - Project Variable can be selected to set Evaluation.
  - Add logger to every Exception.
- Fixed
  - Sensitivity result error "Object of type int64 is not JSON serializable" by using np_type_changer().
  - Public Project iframe path of BioModel and DataSet.
  - When edit a BioModel/DataSet/Project, unique_judger will also be edit now.
  - Home Overview will be refresh correctly after create and delete.
  - Move Console.getCalculationProcess() to useSocket to solve the join room failed bugs.



## 2023-05-20
- Added
  - Add NO. column to every table.
  - Personal Table can be selected to deleted.
  - Public ASM2, ASM2D, ASM3 and EAWAG Bio-P.
- Changed
  - Refine Library table.
  - Refine table description display.
  - Change Library Paper last column to "Issue Year".
  - Use tooltip to display Components and Targets while creating Project.
  - Project Additional Targets icon changed to match to DataSet Targets.
  - Table will sort (desc) by created time (id).
  - Delete/Stop color from negative to orange.
- Fixed
  - Profile Description Card will overflow.



## 2023-05-19
- Changed
  - Lock NewEditClone while parsing Project Creating.
- Fixed
  - When Release, force vesion counter to 1.
  - When Release BioModel/DataSet, Source Paper doese not match to draft.


## 2023-05-18
- Added
  - Public ASM1.
- Changed
  - Create empty DataSet (from DataSet and Project) default concentration set to be 200 from 1.
- Fixed
  - Create button disappear in "Personal" banner.
  - BioModel Matrix parse bugs, warp multipy times.
  - useTableEditDataset.removeRow() remove first empty row bugs.


## 2023-05-17
- Added
  - Sensitivity figure add name and unit in y axis.
- Changed
  - If all the target units are the same, unit will display in yAxis in Simulation All figure.


## 2023-05-16
- Added
  - DataSet will generate a Flow Chart, and in this Flow Chart we can create new Tank/Target/Inflow/Flow/Connection.
  - Project Detail will use iframe to display Matrix of BioModel and FlowChart of DataSet, and almost 90% of the operation can be done in these iframes, so we don't really need to open BioModel and DataSet Detail.
  - Sensitivity engine done.
  - Table/figure size become reposonse (but not very perfect) in BioModel/DataSet/Project.
  - Account sign up needs email confrimation.
  - The header tabs and Detail/Console tabs will be locked until finish getting the backend data and loading of the 2 iframes(Matrix and FlowChart).
  - A iframe page (ifSign) for SIMPO home to dynamic change between "Sign In" and "Dashboard".
- Changed
  - Refine to match with SIMPO home page.
  - Refine icon.
  - Support resetting password.
  - One can clone one's own BioModel/DataSet/Project.
  - Rename "My Work" to "Personal".
  - Rename "Wiki" to "Library".
  - Rename "Summary" to "Profile".
  - Move "Detail" to the top.
  - Move "Project" to the top.
  - Refine Home Overview.
  - Create empty DataSet will add an empty Tank.
  - Support creating empty Project and this action will add empty BioModel and DataSet.
  - Use gzip to improve the network speed.
  - Tab name and favicon in user's brower.
- Fixed
  - Lots of small bugs.

