---
sidebar_position: 11
---

## 2024-04-07

- Added

  - Add tips for Point Settling Tank for the volume ratio of 8:2.
  - Add Activation tab in Project Detail.
  - Add tips for Conversions/Weights/Activation tabs in Project.Detail.
  - Add scorll in BioModel.Detail.Matrix formular popup editor.
  - Project.Conversions now support Parameter as input.
  - DataSet.Connection.Flow now supports the number (0~9) and multiplication (\*) and division (/).
  - DataSet.Connection add Section column, now you can place each Connection to the same section in the FlowChart.
  - Targets can be opened in DataSet.FlowChart.

- Changed

  - Move temp save beside parse save.

- Fixed

  - BioModel Matrix can save empty value in Stoichoimetric section.
  - Project Conversions can save empty value.
  - Remove useBioModel.wrapComponentParameter() input parameter replacer_parameter_spe/replacer_component_spe, so the Matrix.onCopy() can work.
  - Change wrapFlow.wrapFlow() input parameter replacer_flow_spe to flow_namelist, so the Connections.onCopy() can work.
  - Remove the end "\ufeff" in parameter/component/flow wrapper, so you don't have backspace twice in popup editor.
  - The parameter/component/flow wrapper will be set in the right place right now.
  - The copy behavior in BioModel.Matrix and DataSet.Connections will get the right response.
  - The "\*+", "\*-", "/+", "/-" will be treated as an error in BioModel.Matrix and DataSet.Connecton.Flow.

- Improved

  - Add overflow for the popup editor of BioModel.Matrix and DataSet.Connection.
  - Parse save and Temporary save in Project will save BioModel, DateSet and then Project (one after another), and the old Project Detail will be retained.
