# 2023

## 2023-12-21

Version **0.0.3.5** has been released.

This version is a minor upgrade and stabilization.

- Fixed
  - Inflow and Flow time index unit will be convert to second.
  - Changed the do while loop (in the kernel) condiction to include the last point.
- Changed
  - Correct kernel inflow and flow time index changed code move to the top and improve.
  - Constant volume code improved.

## 2023-12-17

Version **0.0.3.4** has been released.

This version is a minor upgrade and stabilization.

- Add
  - BestVariable will report the WorstValue, BestValue and Imporved.
- Fixed
  - Uncertainty will sort the getter_PredictedData by NSE order in result_pro.get_result_LHS().

## 2023-12-12

Version **0.0.3.3** has been released.

This version is a minor upgrade and stabilization.

- Added

  - Sensitivity now support 4 different algorithms: OAT_AA, OAT_RA, OAT_AR and OAT_RR.

- Changed
  - Improved Genetic Algorithm calculation speed, and the GA result log will get a better description.
  - Change GA objective funciton from `1 - NSE` to `NSE`, and the goal changes to find the maximum value of NSE.
  - If TSS is 0, the Weight NSE calculation will ignore it. So a single point and a horizontal straight line won't get a Weight NSE result.
  - Stabilize Real-Time Plotting Gui, the plotting timer will be stop after everything.

## 2023-12-10

Version **0.0.3.2** has been released.

The major achievement of this version is the Uncertianty and Estimation tasks are now live (although not all the functions are available).

### Key Features

- Uncertianty can be calculated. The result figures are not fully on line, but you can check if you turn on the Real-Time Plotting switch in console setting.
- Estimation can be calculated. The result figures are not fully on line, but you can check if you turn on the Real-Time Plotting switch in console setting.
- Windows platform now support Real-Time Plotting function.

### Details

- Added
  - Uncertianty can be calculated, and the best weighted NSE result will be plot online.
  - Estimation can be calculated, and the best weighted NSE result will be plot online.
  - After the calculation, the result will be stored in client computer and upload the result json to server.
- Fixed
  - Real-Time Plotting function in Windows platform.

## 2023-11-18

Version **0.0.3.1** has been released.

The major achievement of this version is the speed improvement.

### Key Features

- Differential equation solving method is greatly optimized, and the forward interpolation algorithm is about 100 times faster.
- Support adjusting the calculation accuracy (5-20% change rate due to step size) to further improve the calculation speed.
- The calculation files are partially transferred to local computer to do the compilation to improve the network response speed.
- Server network (hardware) speed upgraded form 1 mb to 2 mb.
- BioModel/DataSet/Project can be directly exported to standard excel files with formatting.
- When calculating, you can see the result pictures dynamically in local computer (Windows 10 needs to change the default image browser to refresh the pictures dynamically).
- Calculation results can be opened directly in the local computer's folder.

### Details

- Added
  - Now the input.dat will be generated in client computer, while the calcaltion files still need to download from server.
  - After the calculation, the result will be stored in client computer and upload the result json to server.
- Changed
  - Ubunut will only support 20 (not 16/18 any more).

## 2023-08-08

Version **0.0.3.0** has been released.

- Fixed
  - add 'len(\_\_) >= 3' in get_progress_time().

## 2023-06-22

Version **0.0.2.9** has been released.

- Add
  - The client will support Project's Name with white space.

## 2023-06-19

Version **0.0.2.8** has been released.

- Changed
  - The client will skip the system proxy.
  - If the calculation failed, it will popup the trackback.

Version **0.0.2.7** has been released.

- Changed
  - The client will try to https socket connection first, if failed, ignore the system https/http/socks proxy and try again.

Version **0.0.2.6** has been released.

- Changed
  - The client will try to https socket connection first, if failed, ignore the system socks proxy and try again.

## 2023-06-18

Version **0.0.2.5** has been released.

- Changed
  - Now the client will ignore the system proxy.

## 2023-06-10

Version **0.0.2.2** has been released.

- Changed
  - Upgrade from http url to https url.
  - If the client is not the latest version, it will stop and notify while doing calculation.
