---
sidebar_position: 11
---
# 2023


## 2023-11-29
- Added
  - Add Variable sheet to Result__GA_Band__.xlsx.
  - Add Project__GA_VariableNSE__.png figure.



## 2023-11-27
- Changed
  - All the forall change to openMP.
- Added
  - Add openMP to each loop in fortran.


## 2023-11-26
- Changed
  - OpenBLAS threads will set to be the cpu number if not specified.
  - OpenMP threads will set to be the cpu number if not specified.


## 2023-11-11
- Added
  - If auto plot is True, it will open the figure automatically.
- Changed
  - GA will be calculated in only 1 time (don't need to do the simulation again), the best result will be written in repot.md.



## 2023-10-31
- Changed
  - Pro version will not support Simulation again.


## 2023-06-15

- Fixed
  - GA calculation can show correct progress time in progress_time.log.
  - Parameter in Solution.Variable will change to corresponding time unit.
  - Fixed pBioRate and pBioComponent from BioRate and BioComponent in "call get_BioRate(pBioRate, BioParameter, pBioComponent)" in Kernel.get_Kernel_Evaluation().
- Changed
  - After GA calculation, there is not need to do Simulation again to get the best resulut. It will be parse directly from result_Variable_NSE and getter_PredictedData.
  - If decimal length cannot cover the boundary in Solution.Variable, it will enlarge (the max decimal length of Variable['Value'], Variable['InitialValue'], Variable['UpperBound'] and Variable['LowerBound'] plus 2), or you can enlarge it yourself. At the mean time, Checker.check_Variable_Boundary_Ind_length will be deleted.
  - Shut down the KS calculaiton funciton for now.

## 2023-06-15

- Changed
  - Parameter time unit support 'hour', 'mintue' and 'second'.
  - Remove TimeUnit_Parameter_second, cause it will always be 1.

## 2023-05-16

- Changed
  - change to match with latese version of SIMPO Dashboard
