# 2024

<!-- # TODO
- 移除 webp 的 matplotlib -->



## 2024-09-08

Version **0.0.5.0** is released.

The major achievement of this version is **async**.

- Added

  - Add Pareto figure in Sensitivity.
  - NAGETIVE ERROR and IMPROVED WARNING will send to frontend dash.
  - Private version can be shared.

- Improved

  - Update python version to `3.11.9`.
  - Change a lot of module to async: async backend, async database, async read/write file, async http request.
  - All the packages have been complied to `C`.
  - The get action of Detail of BioModel/DataSet/Project will be delay to improve the first page open speed.
  - Replace websocket to message middleware.


- Fixed

  - Fixed some known bugs.





## 2024-05-23

Version **0.0.4.1** is released.

The major achievement of this version is improved the precision of calculation.

- Changed

  - Empty lines are not allowed in Solution.Convention.

- Improved

  - The range of Forward Euler step tolerance change to 0.01%~20%.
  - Forward/Improved Euler won't cutted to 0 when a Component is <= 1e-30, now it will step into 0 to keep mass balance.
  - If a Rate expression doesn't contain a Component, it can be negative.
  - If a Rate expression does contain a Component, and it become negative, the calculation will be stopped.
  - If a Rate expression's denominator is 0, the calculation will be stopped.



## 2024-05-08

Version **0.0.4.0** is released.

This version is a minor upgrade and stabilization.

- Added

  - Add webp format support.
  - Add reslut post upload Stream support.

- Changed

  - Changed all logger.debug() to logger.error().

- Fixed
  - Add 'D0' post fix to BioMatrix.f90 and Hydraulics number.
  - Fixed some known bugs.

## 2024-05-07

Version **0.0.3.9** is released.

This version is a minor upgrade and stabilization.

- Fixed
  - Fixed some known bugs.

## 2024-05-05

Version **0.0.3.8** is released.

The major achievement of this version is adding Inflow plotting.

- Added

  - Add Inflow target plotting.

- Fixed
  - Fixed some known bugs.

## 2024-05-04

Version **0.0.3.7** is released.

The major achievement of this version is the raw input data of Measured/Inflow/Flow can be compressed by setting the resolution rate (retention rate of raw data). If you set the resolution to 10%, it will only calculation the raw 10% data (even interval), so you can speed up a lot if you don't need so much high precision.

- Added

  - Add time index resolution rate to compress raw Measured/Inflow/Flow data
  - Add auto_plot_correlation to skip plot_OAT_Corr(), since this could take a very long time if data is large.

- Fixed
  - Fixed some known bugs.

## 2024-04-25

Version **0.0.3.6** is released.

This version is a minor upgrade and stabilization. Upgrade sludge/slduge_pro to the latest version.

- Changed
  - Client folder seperate the package and source. And the package will be download after install the client main programe.
