---
sidebar_position: 11
---

# 2025

<!--
filelock
https://blog.csdn.net/csdn_xmj/article/details/138040620

# TODO: _build_fortran_biomatrix_kernel_input 应改为异步 2024.09.10
python | filelock，一个超酷的 Python 库！
# TODO Inflow 的画图待完善 2025.03.09


Imporved 以后不再维护, 用 forward_step_tolerance 控制 Forward 的步长 可以代替 Imporved

-->

## 2025-04-18

- Fixed

  - `_get_redundant_component_no()` will return the correct component no.

## 2025-03-23

- Changed

  - DataSet.Measured and Inflow target name must be exactly the same as DataSet.Target.

## 2025-03-13

- Added

  - Add `solution._check_matrix_denom_zero()` to handle the case where the denominator in BioModel Stoichiometric and Rate is 0.

- Improved
  - Improved the way to handle the case of very small values of Components.

## 2025-03-08

- Added

  - BioModel.Matrix.Rate will support Max() and Min() functions.

- Changed

  - Removed the diff check of Component and Target in Dataset.Inflow.
  - Removed agent in BioModel.Matrix.Rate.
  - The way to get the Component from Target for Inflow in `Soultion._get_Inflow_MergedTime()` has been changed.
  - The way to get the Flow from Variable for Flow in `Soultion._get_Flow_MergedTime()` has been changed.

- Improved

  - Update `DataSet.get_MergedTime()` to improve the parse DataSet speed.
  - Improve excel reading speed.
  - Improve to way to get `Grid_dt_second_`.

## 2025-03-06

- Fixed
  - DataSet will import Graph correctly.

## 2025-03-02

- Improved

  - Add safe_globals parser.
  - Point Settling Tank supports BioCalculated.
  - Point Settling Tank Volume supports 2 volumes.

- Fixed

  - Add the `numer.args` to `Rate` to get the arguments of the numerator, so that the `Stoichiometric` and `Rate` will be get correct `parameter`.
  - Remove enlarging the `Grid_dt_second_` in kernel.

## 2025-02-13

- Improved
  - Rate's formula will move all the parameters to Stoichiometric's to imporve the calculation speed.
  - Extract the common terms in the Rate's formula and calculate them separately, then put them back to Rate's formula to imporve the calculation speed.

## 2025-01-25

- Added

  - Add the worst and best NSE to Band plot.

- Improved
  - Lazy import image package in PlotterPro.

## 2025-01-22

- Improved
  - `run_python.log` will only retain the 1st list Fortran Error.

## 2025-01-17

- Improved
  - Progress time will be more accurate.
  - Logger will be more accurate.

## 2025-01-16

- Improved
  - Fortran run file will be much smaller than before by using allocate.

## 2025-01-04

- Add
  - Add component unit in Band and Skeleton ploting.
