---
sidebar_position: 11
---

## 2024-08-09

- Improved

  - Change `Pandas` `loc`/`iloc` to `at`/`iat`.
  - Change all fortran writter to f-string.
  - Imporved matplotlib plotting.
  - Change scatter plot to line plot, cause line plot is quicker.


## 2024-08-04
- Improved

  - Upgrade the `Python` version to `3.12`.
  - Change logger to `Loguru`.
  - Add more multiprocessing async pool in parsing input BioModel and DataSet, fortran file writting.
  - Add color to SludgeError.

- Changed

  - DataSet will be built partly in Solution.Build() to decouple with BioModel, in order to make use of multiprocessing async pool.

## 2024-05-11

- Fixed
  - Remove counter_steady judger, only use counter_max_steady as the GA steady judger.

## 2024-05-08

- Add

  - Add check.PoolExceptions to catch the pool.apply_async() exception.

- Changed

  - Changed all logger.debug() to logger.error().
  - plotter_pro.plot_Skeleton() will not plot webp format for now.
  - Set pool in the right place in project.process_save_plot_evaluation().

- Fixed
  - Fixed some known bugs.

## 2024-05-07

- Add

  - Add '.done_plotting' marker file to indicate whether finish the plotting task.

- Fixed
  - Fixed some known bugs.

## 2024-05-04

- Add

  - Add auto_plot_correlation to skip plot_OAT_Corr(), since this could take a very long time if data is large.

- Improved

  - Improved result+pro.get_result_OAT() to avoid PerformanceWarning: DataFrame is highly fragmented.

- Fixed
  - Fixed some known bugs.

## 2024-05-03

- Improved
  - Remove empty check in Solution_pro.\_sync_group_component_evaluation().

## 2024-05-02

- Add

  - Add Build_frontend() to fit the frontend Create/Edit/Save Project check.

## 2024-04-28

- Changed
  - Changed 'is True'/'is False' to '== True'/'== False' to avoid pd.DataFrame problem.
- Fixed
  - Result.save_result_OAT()/save_result_KS() to_excel will have different sheetname.

## 2024-04-07

- Changed

  - If TSS are all 0, the Estimation task won't start.

- Improved
  - evaluation_abc.assign_xxx() functions will assing in the beginning of main_Evaluation.f90, then assign inside the parallel loop and then only assign again the change value.
