---
sidebar_position: 11
---

<!-- # TODO
- plot inflow target and component
- table data request become section
- infinitie loading table data
- Finished the Uncertainty/Estimation plotting
- Add task to simpo
-  -->

## 2024-12-07

- Improved

  - Add radius to tables and cards.
  - Refine Home Overview page.

## 2024-11-25

- Improved

  - Only the 1st row (0) of the time index in Tank/Inflow/Flow cannot be edited.
  - `BioCalculated` and `Constant Volume` will display a switch in TankList page.
  - Replace `dataMeasuredOpen` with `measuredGetterDict[measuredNameOpen][tankTypeDict[measuredNameOpen]]`.
  - Replace `dataInflowOpen` with `inflowGetterDict[inflowNameOpen]`.
  - Replace `dataflowOpen` with `flowGetterDict[flowNameOpen]`.

- Fixed

  - Tank name will be all the same while creating a new DataSet.
  - `BioCalculated` and `Constant Volume` won't got null value while creating a new DataSet.
  - Tank/Inflow/Flow data will be saved correctly now.
  - Tank/Inflow/Flow step add data will be saved correctly now.
  - The 1st row of Setting Tank Outlet and Blanket will be edited as expected.
  - While leave the Detail page of BioModel/DataSet/Project,the page won't ask if nothing changed.

## 2024-10-04

- Improved

  - All the "True"/"False" in DataSet.Tank and Solution.Variable/Activator will be changed to boolean.
  - After the 2nd tank's data will be get by streaming.

## 2024-09-25

- Improved

  - If DataSet does not have a graph json, it will auto layout.

## 2024-09-22

- Added

  - Add NAGETIVE ERROR and IMPROVED WARNING support.
  - Private version can be shared.
  - Add Pareto figure in Sensitivity.

- Improved

  - The get action of Detail of BioModel/DataSet/Project will be delay to improve the first page open speed.
  - Replace websocket to message middleware.

## 2024-08-18

- Improved

  - Add table section query.

## 2024-08-17

- Improved

  - Add RSA Crypto.

## 2024-07-28

- Improved

  - All the tables popup editor will got proper hints and titles.

- Fixed

  - Addition Target will get correct input in Conversions.
  - All the tables will be re-index the NoIndex right after sorted by dragger.

## 2024-05-23

- Changed

  - Empty lines are not allowed in Solution.Convention.

- Improved

  - The range of Forward Euler step tolerance change to 0.01%~20%.

## 2024-05-13

- Added

  - Sensitivity/Uncertainty/Estimation Report will support more content.

- Fixed
  - API report.result_report() will be called only router includes 'id'.
  - Fixed some known bugs.

## 2024-05-12

- Added
  - Now Evaluation/Value can be setted after Sensitivity/Uncertainty/Estimation in Report.
  - Add reslut post upload Stream support.

## 2024-05-11

- Added

  - Add sort_str_number_keys() to to keep the original order.
  - Add wait in get_fortran_runfile to make sure complied file will be generated before open client urlProtocol.

- Improved

  - Calculation will be started after compiled the calculation files.

- Fixed
  - Change `sort_keys=True` to `sort_keys=False` in all `json.dumps()` to keep the original order.
  - Fixed some known bugs.

## 2024-05-10

- Improved

  - Delete API of BioModel/DataSet/Project can delete all of the selected rows now.

- Fixed
  - Add `sort_keys=True` in all `json.dumps()` to keep the original order.
  - Fixed some known bugs.

## 2024-05-09

- Added

  - Support clone one's own BioModel/DataSet/Project.

- Improved

  - Move Export button to Profile header.

- Fixed
  - Fixed some known bugs.

## 2024-05-07

- Added

  - Add '.done_plotting' marker file to indicate whether finish the plotting task.

- Fixed
  - Fixed some known bugs.

## 2024-05-06

- Added

  - Add shift/ctrl seleted in every Table.
  - Add Flowchart fullscreen support.

- Fixed
  - Fixed some known bugs.

## 2024-05-05

- Added

  - Add Inflow target plotting.

- Fixed
  - Fixed some known bugs.

## 2024-05-04

- Added

  - Add auto_plot_correlation switch in Project.Console.
  - Add resolution rate input in Project.Console.

- Improved

  - Set logger lever (after except Exception) from warnning to error.

- Changed

  - Changed the order of Sensitivity plot from 'Rank'/'CorrelationT'/'OA' to 'Rank'/'OAT'/'Correlation'.

- Fixed
  - Add sleep 1s in development env (frontend.get_calculation_files()).
  - Fixed some known bugs.

## 2024-05-03

- Improved

  - Change Project.Build_frontend() in Create/Edit/Save Project to Solution.parse_Solution(), and remove Project.Build_frontend().
  - List and Tools will be shown all the time.

- Fixed
  - Fixed some known bugs.

## 2024-05-02

- Added

  - DataSet Template file now supports graph layout.

- Improved

  - SignIn/Signup/Email/Password page will be in the center of the page.
  - While downloading a BioModel/DataSet/Solution Template file in Profile.Edit page, it will show a loading gif before it's been done.
  - Create/Edit/Save Project will use parallel to do the Project.Build(), so it should 4 times quicks to do Create/Edit/Save Project.
  - Change Project.Build() in Create/Edit/Save Project to Project.Build_frontend().
  - Improved nginx ssl setting.
  - Set axio timeout to 10 min.
  - Add AbortController() in download file and Create/Edit/Save Project api, so the conntection to backend will be kept until the reponse is back.

- Fixed

  - Project.Activator will be displayed after released.

## 2024-05-01

- Added

  - Add Exponentiation indication in Matrix popup input.
  - BioModel.Matrix/DataSet.Connections.Flow formula input supoorts number indentify.
  - BioModel.Matrix/DataSet.Connections.Flow formula popup windows will auto fit its position if it touch the bottom/right of the screen.
  - BioModel.Matrix/DataSet.Connections.Flow formula list will get the scroll bar if its length is longer than 30vh.
  - Add Tips in Simpo home doc page.

- Changed

  - While editting the Profile of BioModel/DatSet (biomodel_edit/dataset_edit), only excel file is provoided and it is different with the original one, it will update.

- Fixed

  - If BioModel.Components have been sorted, the Matrix input will keep the order (change the Stoichoimetric popup editor 'v-model="props.row[index]"' -> 'v-model="props.cols[index].value"').
  - if Target/Tank/Inflow/Flow name is the same (included in dataAllNameList), the Tank/Inflow/Flow window cannot be closed.

## 2024-04-30

- Added

  - Add AO preset Flowchart layout.
  - Add AAO preset Flowchart layout.
  - Add UCT (AAAO) preset Flowchart layout.
  - Flowchart now can copy a tank/inflow.
  - Once Tank has been created, it cannot be changed its type anymore.
  - All the create/copy/romve/sort actions in DataSet/Project will reindex.

## 2024-04-29

- Added

  - Add Grid to Flowchart.

- Changed

- Remove Chemostat(Recycling) preset Flowchart layout.

- Improved

  - Improve the preset Flowchart layout of Batch/Chemostat/CAS.

- Fixed

  - Flowchart now can get the right camera saved.

## 2024-04-27

- Added

  - Flowchart can be exported to PNG.

- Fixed
  - Flowchart now can add Tank.
  - Tank/Variable Save will remove unnecessary columns, so the epxort of DataSet and Solution xlsx files will be correct,

## 2024-04-27

- Changed

  - Rename Project.Variables to Solution.
  - Rename Project.Activation to Activator.
  - Remove Chemostat(Recycling) layout to avoid a tank links itself.
  - Update Bacch/CAS/Chemostat layout to fit the drag and drop features.

## 2024-04-23

- Added

  - DataSet.FlowChart upgrade:
    - Support drag and drop.
    - Support save the postition of each tank.
    - Support automatic layout.
    - Support zoom and move the camera.
  - Now all table search bars are clearable.

- Changed

  - Target/Tank/Inflow/Flow name cannot be the same.
  - Tank type cannot be changed after first time the tank has been created.
  - DataSet Connection change the unique index from 'From -> Flow -> Into' to 'From -> Into', so each
    'From -> Into' pair is unique.
  - DataSet.Connection From/Into Selection will dynamic change to make each row unique.
  - Remove BioModel/DataSet Detail splitter side tab, and omove Conversions/Weights/Activator inside Variables.

## 2024-04-14

- Changed

  - Remove Connection Section

## 2024-04-13

- Added

  - Add Kimi understanding for source papers.

- Changed

  - Changed 'Released' tab name to 'Version'.

## 2024-04-08

- Added

  - Add Chinese support, the Chinese wion't change to ascii.

## 2024-04-07

- Added

  - Add tips for Point Settling Tank for the volume ratio of 8:2.
  - Add Activator tab in Project Detail.
  - Add tips for Conversions/Weights/Activator tabs in Project.Detail.
  - Add scorll in BioModel.Detail.Matrix formular popup editor.
  - Project.Conversions now support Parameter as input.
  - DataSet.Connection.Flow now supports the number (0~9) and multiplication (\*) and division (/).
  - DataSet.Connection add Section column, now you can place each Connection to the same section in the FlowChart.
  - Targets can be opened in DataSet.FlowChart.

- Changed

  - Move temp save beside parse save.

- Fixed

  - BioModel Matrix can save empty value in Stoichoimetric section.
  - Project Conversions can save empty value.
  - Remove useBioModel.wrapComponentParameter() input parameter replacer_parameter_spe/replacer_component_spe, so the Matrix.onCopy() can work.
  - Change wrapFlow.wrapFlow() input parameter replacer_flow_spe to flow_namelist, so the Connections.onCopy() can work.
  - Remove the end "\ufeff" in parameter/component/flow wrapper, so you don't have backspace twice in popup editor.
  - The parameter/component/flow wrapper will be set in the right place right now.
  - The copy behavior in BioModel.Matrix and DataSet.Connections will get the right response.
  - The "\*+", "\*-", "/+", "/-" will be treated as an error in BioModel.Matrix and DataSet.Connecton.Flow.

- Improved

  - Add overflow for the popup editor of BioModel.Matrix and DataSet.Connection.
  - Parse save and Temporary save in Project will save BioModel, DateSet and then Project (one after another), and the old Project Detail will be retained.
