---
sidebar_position: 11
---

# 2025

<!-- # TODO

2025.11.25
添加一个变量绑定功能:
弄一个映射表, 把 Rate 中的各参数映射到一个自定义中间变量
比如 S_O2/(K_O2+S_O2) 映射为自定义中间变量 Exp1,
即 Exp1 = S_O2/(K_O2+S_O2),
然后 Rate 中可以直接使用被颜色块包裹的 Exp1

- plot inflow target and component
- table data request become section
- infinitie loading table data
- Add task to simpo

uncertainty result can set the best 10% NSE lower boundary and high boundary



2025.12.07
- Solution Detail 中的 export 和 edit 应该分开 BioModel 和 DataSet
- Calculation 同时打开多个时候，切图还是有问题，估计还是唯一定位tab不够唯一，可能要加上id

- 画图 可以控 线框和symbol 可以控大小
- 画图可拖拉坐标轴缩放
-  -->

## 2025-11-22

- Fixed

  - The Project Calculation Console now correctly retrieves logs.
  - Public and Private Released are now accessible without login.
  - Moved the Edit and Export buttons from the Profile page to the Detail page.

## 2025-11-17

- Fixed
  - Supported Functions in BioModel Matrix are now correctly recognized.

## 2025-11-09

- Fixed
  - When logging in with email, the username will be displayed correctly.
  - When new users register, the input validation for user emails has become more precise.

## 2025-09-24

- Added
  - Simulation/Sensitivity/Uncertainty/Estimation figure results can now be exported as SVG.
  - The SVG for Band/Density/Skeleton/PCD/NSE will be saved locally.

## 2025-07-13

- Fixed
  - On the Project.Calculation page, the up and down arrow keys can be used to switch Sensitivity/Uncertainty/Estimation correctly.

## 2025-07-10

- Improved
  - Username will be displayed in right drawer meau.
  - Refine the popup direction of DataSet in Create Project page.
  - Refine the popup direction of Targets in Create DataSet page.

## 2025-07-09

- Improved
  - The BioModel and DataSet options in the Create Project page will be sorted by name.

## 2025-03-19

- Fixed
  - "SimpoClient needs to be updated" warnning will be shown correctly.

## 2025-03-18

- Fixed
  - Fixed colorPalette length in Simulation and Uncertainty, Estimation.

## 2025-03-06

- Fixed
  - DataSet will import Graph correctly.

## 2025-02-28

- Improved

  - DataSet Export menu will disppear after clicked.
  - Delete a flow will change it to 0.

## 2025-02-10

- Fixed
  - fix fullscreen bugs in DataSet.

## 2025-01-31

- Added

  - Add Uncertainty Interval plot.

- Fixed

  - Reload page will remove the cache Uncertainty and Estimaiton plots.
  - Start a new calculation will remove the cache Uncertainty and Estimaiton plots.
  - Public Uncertainty and Estimaiton plots can be viewed correctly.

## 2025-01-30

- Fixed

  - Clone, relesed and deleted of a Project will also create and delete the corresponding result figures folder.

- Improved

  - The Uncertainty and Estimation plots will be loaded much quicker.

## 2025-01-29

- Added

  - Support Uncertainty and Estimation plotting results.
  - Result figures suport keyboard navigation.

## 2025-01-27

- Improved

  - The progress bar will get updated every 10s to make sure the progress won't be lost.

## 2025-01-14

- Fixed

  - Now you can delete the Component in a Project Detail.
  - The Project Detail and Calculation page height will be responsive.

## 2025-01-09

- Added

  - Add Escaped Threshold to Calcualtion setting.

- Fixed

  - Release & Save in Project will work as expected.

- Improved

  - Project Console page will get reactive size.

## 2025-01-06

- Improved

  - Support email sign in.

- Fixed
  - Sort Component will correctly sync to Matrix and Composition.
  - Now you can rename a new Component after adding it.

## 2025-01-02

- Fixed
  - Fixed fullscreen bug of DataSet in Project by inject `$q`.
