---
sidebar_position: 11
---

# 2026

<!-- # TODO

2025.11.25
添加一个变量绑定功能:
弄一个映射表, 把 Rate 中的各参数映射到一个自定义中间变量
比如 S_O2/(K_O2+S_O2) 映射为自定义中间变量 Exp1,
即 Exp1 = S_O2/(K_O2+S_O2),
然后 Rate 中可以直接使用被颜色块包裹的 Exp1

- plot inflow target and component
- table data request become section
- infinitie loading table data
- Add task to simpo

uncertainty result can set the best 10% NSE lower boundary and high boundary



2025.12.07
- Solution Detail 中的 export 和 edit 应该分开 BioModel 和 DataSet
- Calculation 同时打开多个时候，切图还是有问题，估计还是唯一定位tab不够唯一，可能要加上id

- 画图 可以控 线框和symbol 可以控大小
- 画图可拖拉坐标轴缩放
-  -->

## 2026-04-04

- **Improved**
  - The **Description** in **Version** now supports Markdown format.
  - **Version** now supports exporting to PDF.

## 2026-04-02

- **Improved**
  - Optimized automatic layout algorithm for `DataSet`.
  - Description in Version now support markdown format


---

## 2026-03-26

- **Added**
  - The `DataSet.FlowChart` interactive interface now includes a `Pump` module to support **aeration** calculations.
  - The `Pump` module supports interpolation and fitting using the aeration blower's `SOTE-flow` curve.
  - When creating a new `DataSet`, 4 new preset `Layout` have been added: `CAS-Pump`, `AO-Pump`, `AAO-Pump`, and `UCT-Pump`.

## 2026-03-13

- **Fixed**
  - Now, clicking the `CLASSIC` button on BioModel's Public page displays the total number of models correctly.

- **Improved**
  - Improved the interaction and prompts for `SetToValue` on the `Best Variable` page.
  - Improved the interaction and prompts for `SetToEvaluation` on the `Rank Variable` page.

## 2026-03-10

- **Fixed**
  - The function `cleanInvisibleChars` now correctly removes invisible spaces when entering and saving formulas in the Matrix/Compositions/Connections/Conversions pages.

- **Improved**
  - After clicking the `Edit` button on the `Detail` page to rename, the route will navigate to the new path with the updated name.

## 2026-03-07

- **Improved**
  - When creating a new BioModel with AI, if the BioModel already exists in Public, a reminder will be displayed, along with a shortcut button to easily clone it.

---

## 2026-02-28

- **Changed**
  - In the source code, uniformly replace `Partical` with `Particulate`.

## 2026-02-26

- **Added**
  - Added a `Classic` button to the Public page of BioModel. Clicking this button will only display classic models.
  - Added the `cleanInvisibleChars` function to remove more invisible spaces when saving formulas in the Matrix/Compositions/Connections/Conversions pages.

- **Fixed**
  - Fixed the issue where clicking `Quick Start`/`Changelog`/`Resource` in the left-side navigation bar did not redirect when the menu was collapsed, with both left-click and middle-click.
  - Fixed the sorting error when clicking the header for Cloned in the Personal table of BioModel/DataSet/Project.

- **Improved**
  - Zero-width spaces entered after formulas in the Matrix/Compositions/Connections/Conversions pages have been removed, specifically by removing `createTextNode('\u200B')`.

## 2026-02-16

- **Fixed**
  - Now the Calculation Console can correctly obtain the CPU core count of the client computer (changed from os.cpus().length to navigator.hardwareConcurrency).
  - `Step Tolerance` now only supports up to 2 decimal places.
  - `Setp Tolerance` will be fixed to display with 2 decimal places in the calculation Report.
  - Updated the AQUASIM T2P17 calculation case.

---

## 2026-01-02

- **Added**
  - Added support for creating new `BioModel` by automatically parsing **SCI Paper PDFs** via **AI** (**Gemini 3**).
  - Added support for **pH** calculation; related parameters are configured in `BioModel.Ionization`.
  - Calculation results can now be downloaded in **SVG** image format.
  - `Public` and `Private` release can now be accessed without logging in.

- **Changed**
  - Migrated website URL from [https://www.simpowater.org]() to [https://www.simpowater.com](), accessing the old URL will automatically redirect to the new one.

- **Fixed**
  - `Project.Calculation.Console` now correctly retrieves logs.
  - `Project.Targets` are now saved correctly.
  - `Inflow` Figure is now displayed correctly.
  - `BioModel`/`DataSet`/`Project` can now be deleted correctly.
  - Fixed some known bugs.

- **Improved**
  - Optimized frontend pages with better support for responsive design (adaptive screens).
  - Moved `Edit` and `Export` buttons from the `Profile` page to the `Detail` page.
  - `BioModel` and `DataSet` can now be `Edit`ed and `Export`ed directly from the `Project.Detail` page.
  - Optimized formula input in matrices such as `BioModel.Matrix` and `Project.Conversion`.
  - The `Dashboard` left sidebar now supports collapsing, the collapsed state is automatically saved upon page refresh.
  - Disabled the **Backspace** key's navigation back function to prevent accidental page exit before saving formula inputs.
  - Top popup notification contents no longer overlap.
  - `Project.Calculation` plotting results now allow fine-grained control and state saving, including:
    - Axis range settings.
    - Line width and symbol size.
    - Width of the plotting result.
    - Legend position.
