---
sidebar_position: 11
---

# 2023

## 2023-12-17

- Add
  - BestVariable will report the WorstValue, BestValue and Imporved.
- Fixed
  - Uncertainty will sort the getter_PredictedData by NSE order in result_pro.get_result_LHS().
  - Fortran code will also treat 0 TSS.

## 2023-12-11

- Changed
  - Improved Genetic Algorithm calculation speed, and the GA result log will get a better description.
  - Change GA objective funciton from `1 - NSE` to `NSE`, and changed GA_Ranking() and GA_Reins(). So the goal changes to find the maximum value of NSE.

## 2023-12-10

- Added
  - LHS/GA on Simpo Client and Dash.
- Fixed
  - Decimal point fixed.

## 2023-11-29

- Added
  - Add Variable sheet to Result**GA_Band**.xlsx.
  - Add Project**GA_VariableNSE**.png figure.

## 2023-11-27

- Changed
  - All the forall change to openMP.
- Added
  - Add openMP to each loop in fortran.

## 2023-11-26

- Changed
  - OpenBLAS threads will set to be the cpu number if not specified.
  - OpenMP threads will set to be the cpu number if not specified.

## 2023-11-11

- Added
  - If auto plot is True, it will open the figure automatically.
- Changed
  - GA will be calculated in only 1 time (don't need to do the simulation again), the best result will be written in repot.md.

## 2023-10-31

- Changed
  - Pro version will not support Simulation again.

## 2023-06-15

- Fixed
  - GA calculation can show correct progress time in progress_time.log.
  - Parameter in Solution.Variable will change to corresponding time unit.
  - Fixed pBioRate and pBioComponent from BioRate and BioComponent in "call get_BioRate(pBioRate, BioParameter, pBioComponent)" in Kernel.get_Kernel_Evaluation().
- Changed
  - After GA calculation, there is not need to do Simulation again to get the best resulut. It will be parse directly from result_Variable_NSE and getter_PredictedData.
  - If decimal length cannot cover the boundary in Solution.Variable, it will enlarge (the max decimal length of Variable['Value'], Variable['InitialValue'], Variable['UpperBound'] and Variable['LowerBound'] plus 2), or you can enlarge it yourself. At the mean time, Checker.check_Variable_Boundary_Ind_length will be deleted.
  - Shut down the KS calculaiton funciton for now.

## 2023-06-15

- Changed
  - Parameter time unit support 'hour', 'mintue' and 'second'.
  - Remove TimeUnit_Parameter_second, cause it will always be 1.

## 2023-05-16

- Changed
  - change to match with latese version of SIMPO Dashboard
