# 2025

<!-- # TODO
- 移除 webp 的 matplotlib -->

## 2025-03-04

Version **0.11.2** has been released.

This version is a minor upgrade and stabilization.

- Improved

  - Add safe_globals parser.
  - Point Settling Tank supports BioCalculated.
  - Point Settling Tank Volume supports 2 volumes.

- Fixed

  - Add the `numer.args` to `Rate` to get the arguments of the numerator, so that the `Stoichiometric` and `Rate` will be get correct `parameter`.
  - Remove enlarging the `Grid_dt_second_` in kernel.

## 2025-02-18

Version **0.11.1** has been released.

This version is a minor upgrade and stabilization.

- Improved

  - Rate's formula will move all the parameters to Stoichiometric's to imporve the calculation speed.
  - Extract the common terms in the Rate's formula and calculate them separately, then put them back to Rate's formula to imporve the calculation speed.

## 2025-02-02

Version **0.11.0** has been released.

The major achievement of this version is **VariableNSE Plotter**.

- Added

  - Add auto-adjustment to avoid font stacking in VariableNSE plotting.

- Improved

  - GA will not repeat remove NaN column.

- Fixed

  - Fixed some known bugs.

## 2025-01-31

Version **0.10.1** has been released.

This version is a minor upgrade and stabilization.

- Fixed

  - result_pro.get_result_GA() will get the correct result.
  - Reload page will remove the cache Uncertainty and Estimaiton plots.
  - Start a new calculation will remove the cache Uncertainty and Estimaiton plots.
  - Public Uncertainty and Estimaiton plots can be viewed correctly.
  - Fixed some known bugs.

## 2025-01-29

Version **0.10.0** has been released.

The major achievement of this version is **Uncertainty and Estimation Plotter**.

- Added

  - Support Uncertainty and Estimation plotting results.
  - Add backup task for result figures.
  - Result figures suport keyboard navigation.

- Improved
  - Refine Console UI.

## 2025-01-27

Version **0.9.2** has been released.

This version is a minor upgrade and stabilization.

- Changed

  - `variable_NSE` result of LHS and GA won't be saved to backend database.

- Improved

  - The recalculation function will be more effective.
  - The progress bar will get updated every 10s to make sure the progress won't be lost.
  - BrokenPipeError handling.

  - Fixed

  - Fixed some known bugs.

## 2025-01-26

Version **0.9.1** has been released.

This version is a minor upgrade and stabilization.

- Fixed

  - The progress bar will be correctly updated.
  - The calcualtion platform will be correcty updated.
  - Fixed some known bugs.

## 2025-01-25

Version **0.9.0** has been released.

The major achievement of this version is **Plotter**.

- Added

  - Add the worst and best NSE to Band plot.
  - Add Density plotting.

- Improved

  - Skeleton, Desinty and VariableNSE plotting will be more accurate.
  - Skeleton, Desinty and VariableNSE plotting will be much quciker.
  - Lazy import image package in PlotterPro.
  - The create, release, clone and delete of BioModel, DataSet will be much quicker.
  - The clone and delete of Project will be much quicker.

- Fixed

  - Fixed some known bugs.

## 2025-01-17

Version **0.8.1** has been released.

This version is a minor upgrade and stabilization.

- Fixed

  - The progress bar will be correctly updated.
  - Fixed some known bugs.

- Improved
  - Progress time will be more accurate.
  - Fortran run file will be much smaller than before by using allocate.
  - Calcualation source file will be zipped before download to client.
  - Change figure `Project__LHS_VariableNSE__` style from lint to point.
  - `Result__LHS_Status__.csv` won't be saved anymore.
  - Logger will be more accurate.

## 2025-01-11

Version **0.8.0** has been released.

The major achievement of this version is **Plotter**.

- Added

  - Add component unit in Band and Skeleton ploting.
  - Add Escaped Threshold to Calcualtion setting.
  - Add VariableInterval plot.
  - Add scheduled task refresh_id_project_draft_task.

- Fixed

  - Locally plotter_pro.plot_OAT_Corr() will plot as expected.
  - Release & Save in Project will work as expected.
  - Sort Component will correctly sync to Matrix and Composition.
  - Now you can rename a new Component after adding it.
  - Fixed fullscreen bug of DataSet in Project by inject `$q`.
  - Relased and Save will preform correctly in Project Detail.
  - Fixed some known bugs.

- Improved
  - Merge LHS_Band and GA_Band to Best_Band plot.
  - Improve VariableNSE plot by adding max and min boundary of best 10% NSE.
  - The negative result will be remove in Uncertainty and Estiamaiton results and plots.
  - The default escaped_threshold_GA is set to 100 from 10.
  - nash_shutcliffe_efficiency.get_NSE_each() will sikp if all is nan.
  - Project Console page will get reactive size.
  - Support email sign in.
